Add support for map_key_exists (#21966)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/map.rst

        SELECT map_subset(MAP(ARRAY[1,2], ARRAY['a','b']), ARRAY[]); -- {}
        SELECT map_subset(MAP(ARRAY[], ARRAY[]), ARRAY[1,2]); -- {}

.. function:: map_key_exists(x(K, V), k) -> boolean

>     Returns whether the give key exists in the map. Returns true if key is present in the input map; false otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns whether the given key exists in the map. Returns ``true`` if key is present in the input map, returns ``false`` if not present.
```
Minor formatting and rephrasing suggestion.
